Covid 19 Detection Software
Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is an infectious disease
caused by severe acute respiratorysyndrome coronavirus 2 (SARSCoV-
2). It was first identified in December 2019 in Wuhan, China,
andhas resulted in an ongoing pandemic. The first case may be
traced back to 17 November 2019. As of8 June 2020, more than 6.98
million cases have been reported across 188 countries and
territories,resulting in more than 401,000 deaths. More than 3.13
million people have recovered. The virus is primarily spread
between people during close contact, most often via small
dropletsproduced by coughing, sneezing, and talking. The droplets
usually fall to the ground or onto surfacesrather than travelling
through air over long distances. Less commonly, people may become
infectedby touching a contaminated surface and then touching their
face. It is most contagious during the firstthree days after the
onset of symptoms, although spread is possible before symptoms
appear, andfrom people who do not show symptoms The virus is
primarily spread between people during close contact, most often
via small dropletsproduced by coughing, sneezing, and talking. The
droplets usually fall to the ground or onto surfacesrather than
travelling through air over long distances. Less commonly, people
may become infectedby touching a contaminated surface and then
touching their face. It is most contagious during the firstthree
days after the onset of symptoms, although spread is possible
before symptoms appear, andfrom people who do not show symptoms.
